edit buttons to be readable 
remove chatter from index file 
add loading page with racing gif 
edit highlights to be similar to lando Norris socials layout
add background- create with canva. Site is a little bor9ing 
merch to sell- Helmets, sunglasses, jackets, t shirts, sweatpamts
clickable homeoage that brings you bavk to the top of homepage
edit events button on hero to direct to all events page 
red taillight background upon scroll
night lights 
drift marks
burn out marks
add configuration to acceot payments and reserve tickets
add home to events
add a pop up headline banner for annnouncements that runs across the page
add racing section to hero that drops down to include 
Types of events- gives information on them and some pages to follow
Driver feature- for each type of event
Accomplishments
Newsletter 

remove out grage and add it to profile- limit users who only sign up yp be able to make a build

Remove join newsletter from hero

for all events page, all events that have ever been posted, the details and buying a ticket option should be seen

There should be a shop.(coming soon)

Submit event button on hedro.

have a section that links back to the social media "Explore more Jamaican racing and culture with us!" and it would be the three recent flywers posted on or smn


for models: When you’re ready to actually add more 3D models, you just:

Drop GLBs into /Assets/models/…

Add entries to BASE_MODEL_GLBS map

Make sure your dropdown in build-edit.html uses matching keys


add "please sign in" when trying to create a build without signing in.

add a profile chip

use lookout at night Kingston or a gas station for back drop.

add a reddish glow under the carbig radial glow. The top of the gradient has a soft red-ish highlight

It quickly drops to a dark base and ends in the same #141414 as your body

So as you scroll down, it feels like the car is emerging from a pool of light that smoothly blends into the rest of the page


add news page - turn highlights into news 
add a clubs section- teamstreetz-info section with photos, runroadco, classic cars club with links to their sites-apply for team section where it links to a google form that the team creates for any position 

email section for requests

add a marketplace to sell cars and car parts

add shop for rok merch

'Rok Racer- jamrock meets speed....work on that

"please add water mark to your sights" - prompt.

add an events-user differential from regular user so that events coordinators can post their events with images, time, description, location, etc. have this email that they register with to be able to see all users that RSVPed and  builds that are responded with. Make a verified driver tag- to prevent spam/fake responses with fake builds. figure out a system for that

